Assignment 4B - Powerpaint
Executive Summary 
TCSS 305: Programming Practicum, Autumn 2011

Name: Alex Stringham
UWNetID: ats3216
Subversion Revision Number: 39

Assignment Overview

Powerpaint part B was our refined, fully working version of the powerpaint project. This time
around, we had to implement the line, rectangle, and ellipse tools so that the user could draw
using them. We also had to implement a grid option that layed out a grid that is 10 pixels by
10 pixels. We used actions to switch between the different tools and menu options, and had to 
make sure that the tools in the toolbar and the tools in the menu were synchronized by telling
if they are selected or not.


Technical Impression

I don't know how many times I changed my mind on how to implement the rest of this assignment. 
At first, I wanted to create seperate classes and packages for each tool, gui element(frame,
panel, toolbar, and menubar),  and options. This, while much cleaner than the way I eventually
ended up going, was too difficult for me to figure out, sadly. I couldn't figure out how to 
synchronize all the actionlistners for the toolbar and menubar when everything was in different
classes, so sadly i had to put them all in one. I was successful in putting everything together 
though when it was all in one class. It made it easier to understand for me for some reason.
The only bug, or glitch that I could find in my program was the Color chooser button on the 
toolbar. For some reason, I can set the initial color by setting the button to my getDrawColor()
method in my panel. It starts black so it looks great to begin with, but when I change a color, 
it WILL NOT change for some reason. I tried various ways around this problem, but nothing seemed
to work. Quite frustrating to say the least. Other than that, everything else should be working.
I also added accelerator keys for everything in the menu and toolbar (just for kicks). Had to 
spend some extra time on this one though because of how difficult it was. Will definitely apply 
my extension to this assignment.